[Music]
eight mistakes and famous things we
never noticed everyone makes mistakes
and they make us learn faster this is
even truer perhaps for masters of their
trade whose errors may remain unnoticed
for many years and result in calamity
frankly speaking an error on the White
House is one of our favorites what about
you
number eight square windows the first
airplane has square windows which led to
an accident that took the lives of 56
people the thing is the corners take on
a high load that becomes even higher
during the flight you can see the same
effect in old buildings which have deep
cracks at the corners of their windows
soon after the accident the mistake was
corrected since then
planes have had windows with rounded
edges number seven Disney Concert Hall
the structure was built from curved
metal frames that protected the hall
from the heat and roasted the nearby
buildings at the same time the Sun
reflecting from the metal surfaces
melted the sidings of stores and heated
the asphalt up to 140 degrees Fahrenheit
or 60 degrees Celsius the problem was
later solved by covering the building
with a protective layer still many keep
wondering jokingly whether it had been
an elaborate attack on civilians or just
a mistake number 6 Crazy Horse Memorial
the largest mountain carving in the
world is located in the Black Hills of
South Dakota legend has it that an
Indian called Crazy Horse was asked by
the conquerors so where are your lands
now the Indian sadly pointed at the
horizon and replied my lands are where
my ancestors are buried after many years
the state decided to commemorate this by
carving a statue of Crazy Horse pointing
at the horizon however it was found that
the pointing gesture in the Indian
culture is an obscene one meaning simply
get out of here
number five aircraft carriers airplanes
had difficulty both landing and taking
off from the first aircraft carriers a
lack of space made the planes bump into
each other leading to accidents
the engineers solved the issue by
turning a part of the runway nine
degrees to the side number four
Wikipedia in 2007 several faults were
found in the structure of the
Encyclopedia that allowed any user to
edit any articles this resulted in
vandalism and mistrust on the website
this error was soon corrected but
another one followed suit the logo of
the site is a globe made of puzzle
pieces with letters from various
alphabets the mistake was in two symbols
because of wrong spelling a Japanese
hieroglyph and a Hindi character lost
their meaning number three
Bridgewater place in Leeds in 2008 this
building was nominated for the ugliest
construction in Europe because of an
engineering error the wind around it is
so strong that it throws people off
their feet when the wind overturns
several cars in a parking lot the
traffic near the place was restricted
number two the White House an error was
noticed on the White House emblem after
it was printed one window arch looked
different from the real one
it was quickly corrected but other
errors followed in the process several
arches were different now and
second-floor windows had more sections
than in reality this emblem was not
amended and it is like this even today
number one Mona Lisa Leonardo da Vinci
loved riddles and secrets so it's hard
to say whether the following are his
mistakes or actual intentions the very
name of the famous painting is thought
to be a mistake in Italian Mona means
milady
Leonarda whoever wrote this word with
only one end x-ray analysis revealed
that the painting has three layers the
artist probably repainted it and many
believe he forgot to add eyebrows and if
you look at the lady's right hand you'll
see a strange bump on the wrist
some think Leonardo da Vinci may have
made an anatomical mistake do you think
that said well we have a card up our
sleeve seven famous symbols very few
people know the origins of some of them
have been shrouded in mystery until now
the question mark in Latin the word
questo was inserted at the end of
sentences to indicate a question to save
space this was shortened to qo and later
the OL was placed beneath the Q the Q
became a hook shape and the O became a
dot the dollar sign there are several
ideas as to where this symbol came from
one in the Middle Ages the most popular
currency was the Spanish rail denoted as
PS eventually only the vertical line of
the P was left written over the S to the
S is the Spanish coat of arms three
during the colonial era the Spanish
marked American gold ingots with an S
upon arrival the S was marked with a
vertical line and another vertical line
if returned the exclamation mark the
symbol probably comes from the Latin
word exclamative placed at the end of
sentences to express joy it was
abbreviated to I and O written on top of
each other this eventually became the
symbol used today the infinity symbol it
was first used by John Wallace in 1655
though no one knows what inspired its
design some think it was derived from
the Greek letter Omega others think it
came from the Roman numeral for 1000v
arrow the arrow symbol is from ancient
Greece it was used to indicate a
particular direction footprint symbols
indicated the presence of a brothel but
the rain washed them away leaving
something like an arrow the percentage
symbol the word percent comes from the
Latin per centum it means by the hundred
this became percent o then per 100
percent o and later PCO
see gradually became this symbol before
turning into what we use today the peace
gesture this gesture was first used
during the Hundred Years War between
England and France when the French
threatened to cut off the fingers of
English archers the English began to
raise their fingers in the V sign which
means victory to indicate their fingers
were still in place during the Second
World War
Winston Churchill revived the gesture
turning it into a symbol of peace don't
forget to hit the like button below the
video and click subscribe to stay on the
bright side of life we keep making more
great videos for you
[Music]